Are so Araik conversion is a really fun one I really like this one because I think it gets you know
the way that I solved it as I wrote a second function that handles a lot of the logic here.
But you know so here we have an array of numbers and what we want to happen is on the odd numbers we
want to add there.
The next index values together and on the even numbers we want to multiply those values until we get
a single array value.
So in our example here on the first iteration we're going to add so 1 and 2 becomes 3 3 and 4 becomes
7 5 and 6 becomes 11 and 7 and 8 becomes 15.
Then the next iteration we have three and seven becomes 21 11 and 15 becomes 165 and then on the next
iteration they add those together to return our final answer which is 186 which is a number.
So the only hint I have for you here is I use push as a method that I use.
Everything else so just pure logic go in and dive right into it.
All right.
So the way I solve this was I created a boolean value that let us let us know if we were on a even or
odd number.
So because we have to either add or multiply and I use a while loop to keep track of adoration and call
a separate function I called some product that took in an array of values and a sum and then with an
if else there perform the the numbers and passed it back.
Similar in a recursive fashion except I just use a while loop because I think it pretty much recursion
exists when you don't want to use a while loop most of the time.
And we can do things recursively or we can use a while loop nine times out of 10.
So I think while it's a little bit easier to follow for a lot of people so here we go.
So we give what I called iteration and my first time I think if we were to refactor this we could call
this is odd because that's really what we're keeping track of here and we're going to set that to true.
And what we want to do is we want to iterate until our input array.
So length is one.
Because remember we're going to keep sending back a new array after it's been multiplied or multiplied
or added to.
And we want to run that as long as it's not equal to 1.
So what we can do here is we now know that because we want to keep track of is all we're saying is odd
is equal to not is odd.
So that's going to change the numbers as we go through and at the end.
What we want to return here is a number which will be our input array that is zero once we only have
one value like so.
And for some reason my quick turned off so start that back up
two broke.
So it's it's actually probably running I just have an infinite loop right now.
So the way we're going to solve that is we're going to hear write a function called some product in
some product what we want to take in is a number array and then we're also going to take in the is odd
which is going to be a boolean
because that's going to tell us if we want to add or multiply.
And what we're expecting back from here is an array of numbers.
All right.
And what we want to do is sit input array equal to some product and that's going to take in our Gnome's
our number right which is our input or excuse me is also going to take in our is odd boolean value
art can I read properly.
Length of undefine version.
Ignore all that for now.
Go ahead and move this that are cool.
All right.
So what we're doing here now is we now have to have our logic.
And what we're going to do is a simple IF ELSE check to find out if we need to multiply or divide.
First when you go out and create a constant variable here called some products and this is going to
be a number array we're going to go ahead and say that equal to an empty array.
Now if if it is odd what we want to do is just iterate through those values and jump two at a time because
remember we're doing pairs here.
We're not going through each one.
So we can do that with a simple for loop where he said Let i equal to zero.
While I is less than when we go ahead minus 1 here so we can see the whole picture is less than the
gnome's array length.
But instead of iterating by one we're going to iterate by two that way we get our pairs and all we're
going to do here is take some products.
So this is plus equals excluding some products not push the number that we're checking.
And the next number as well which is just going to be high plus one.
And because we're doing that we're again jumpy too.
Now what we do here just what else to handle the product aspect of it.
And this is going to say for what pi equal to zero.
And we can actually go ahead and just copy this over.
Save yourself some time.
Excellent.
And then copy this over as well and instead of adding on to here just multiply.
And at the end all we need to do is return some products here because again we're returning a number
a
and what you'll see is that we get our total 186.
So we did quite a bit there but it's not really all that complicated when we start thinking about it.
So we keep track of a is odd value.
We then iterate through the input array decreasing its size by half until it is exactly equal to a 1.
And then we're past we're switching after it runs the iteration.
Updating our input array we are then we are then changing it to say oh it's not on anymore it's now
even and it's going until it goes down.
Here we're just running some little check that adds those values and returns the updated input array
to happen again.
So I found I had a lot of fun with this and I encourage you to if you want to solve it recursively but
it's pretty much the same thing I did with the While loop at the end the day.